# Mbed-game-This-is-the-way-
This's a game based on the story of The Mandalorian Season 2, which Mando need to take care of Grogu on their journey. In the game you need to act as Mando and treat Grogu to full-fill its needs in different locations, including Tatuinee, Unknown Frozen Planet, in space, and Moff Giden's cruiser. Grogu needs to eat the blue cakes, drink soup, play the metal ball and stay in environment between 15-25 degree(not in extreme locations) in order to be healthy enough to not been caught by bounty hunters, dangerous animals or the Empire, which you need to defeat. When the time is up, you, the Mando is then successfully moved Grogu to another plante. As the force of Grogu grows stronger Grogu consumes more and become more sensitive in each level. There are also different hazards on different locations. One of the most creative and interesting part of this game is that player needs to play this game in certain temperature in different maps. So when the player is playing this game on a real machine, they need to place the game machine in certain temperature in order to make Grogu comfortable, pretty challenging and exciting gaming. In different location, Grogu also has different suitable temperature. For example, in Tatooine, you have to place the device between 20 to 15 degree to keep comfortable. Gaming method is different between 1 level and the others. After level 1 player not only have to use push bottom but also touch Grogu on the touch screen, the speed of Grogu moving will also increase as his force grows stronger, increasing difficulties.
